Topic: There should be no age restrictions on cosmetic surgery. Argument: The American Medical Association recommends age restrictions on cosmetic procedures be lifted.

Topic: Creating awareness of the LGBT community, decreases discrimination. Argument: Normalizing the LGBT community is discrimination against christian followers.

Topic: Subsidizing student loans is bad. Argument: Student loans are often the only way that the poor can afford to go to college.

Topic: The sex of a child does not define their value. Argument: The Female sex has more value, in that they are the natural harbingers of life

Topic: Just because a few people are louder than others, laws shouldn't be changed to accommodate them. Argument: If people feel strongly enough to protest loudly, their opinion should be taken into consideration.

Topic: There should not be parades that celebrate homosexuality. Argument: It's unfair for some people to be able to have parades while other ideas aren't as widely celebrated.

Topic: Journalism is not in need of subsidies. Argument: If journalism was subsidized, Newspapers could keep their level of readership up in the digital age.

Topic: Child actors do not live normal lives. Argument: Strict laws about child actors' obligations and duties actually protect their rights to a normal life.

Topic: Just because a few people are louder than others, laws shouldn't be changed to accommodate them. Argument: A few people can have a big influence

Topic: prostitution has been in existence for long and should not be illegal Argument: Most people that are into prostitution are forced into it and it should not be allowed

Topic: Companies should be allowed to decide workers' pay. Argument: Companies abused wage autonomy until a federal minimum wage was instituted.

Topic: People who don't trust doctors have the right to try whatever homeopathic remedies they want. Argument: Some people prefer homeopathic  remedies to conventional medicine.

Topic: France, German, Italy, and Spain all believe surrogacy is exploitation, and have it prohibited. Argument: For infertile couples, surrogacy gives them a chance to have a child.

Topic: Most economic sanction are not effective. Argument: economic sanction are mostly effective when it is collectively done

Topic: Naturopathy does not harm people. Argument: Naturopathy harms people by inaction; sometimes invasive treatments are the best option.

Topic: Television can be hazardous to our kids Argument: Television is a source of information and also has program that educates kids.

Topic: IP copyrights should be banned. Argument: Free access to ideas will help propel the development of even newer ideas.

Topic: Homeopathic remedies can be bad for your health. Argument: Homeopathic medics don't know how your prescriptions will interact with their treatments.

Topic: Television can be hazardous to our kids Argument: Television scenes shows scenes that are not meant for kids to watch and that should not be allowed.

Topic: Stay at home Dads tends to be lazy Argument: Mother needs to remain carers at home so stay at home Dads should not be subsidized

Topic: Anything other than natural pregnancy methods should be prohibited. Argument: God decides who gets pregnant, and any other method should be prohibited as blasphemy.

Topic: Cosmetic surgery for children is safe. Argument: Parental consent does not protect children from associated risks of cosmetic surgery.

Topic: Racial profiling is not fair to people. Argument: Sometimes racial profiling is necessary.

Topic: Getting rid of capital punishment lets people know that all killing is wrong. Argument: Without the fear of their own death, people will have less of a deterrent not to commit murder.

Topic: Safe spaces should be allowed. Argument: Safe spaces would give people false ideas of what the world actually is like.

Topic: IP copyrights should be banned. Argument: The more people can use others' ideas to brainstorm, the quicker we will be able to develop more ideas.

Topic: safe spaces are necessary. Argument: Safe spaces do not prepare people for the real world.

Topic: Women should be allowed to sell their bodies. Argument: Bodily autonomy does not extend to selling your body for sex, as commerce has other rules.

Topic: Older adult has less strength, so bringing the younger ones increase productivity Argument: Older workers tends to be more intelligent than younger workers

Topic: Homeopathy can be dangerous because it is unregulated. Argument: Many homeopathic remedies are marketed as "dietary supplements" which are not subject to FDA regulation.

Topic: Naturopathic methods are always a good idea because they'll work even just as a placebo. Argument: Natural things aren't always good for you and should be regulated.

Topic: People should not have a right to own guns. Argument: People should have a right to defend themselves and their property with reasonable defenses.

Topic: Capital punishment is always brutal. Argument: Capital punishment can cause miscarriage of law and order.

Topic: It is important to explore space, so that we can learn more about our own world. Argument: Earth is its own entity, and not the same as other things in the universe.

Topic: Economic sanction affects the citizens more than the governments Argument: economic sanction causes a major issue for the government.

Topic: legalizing Sex selection reduces over population Argument: Sex selection makes gender unequal as a particular sex will be more than the other

Topic: stay at home Dad allows for gender equality at work Argument: Most men are much more productive at work, so women should stay at home when men go to work

Topic: A multi-party system is good. Argument: More parties means less chance we'd all agree on something.

Topic: People should be allowed to meet their base needs. Argument: People's "needs" can be subjective and some needs can be considered less important than others.

Topic: The right to bear arms helps people defend themselves. Argument: It will make it much harder for criminals to have arms, if the right to bear arms was abolished.

Topic: Prostitution should not be a criminal offense. Argument: Organized crime is involved in prostitution, and therefore it is a criminal offense.

Topic: It's impossible to abolish capital punishment. Argument: Capital punishment is mostly used by dictatorial countries and monarchies so it wouldn't do any good to abolish it.

Topic: Some actions may abolish the black market. Argument: Black markets will always exist, regardless of what types of bans are put in place.

Topic: Being a virgin is a choice Argument: Virginity is meant to be kept till you get married.

Topic: A system that fires competent employees due to age is cruel. Argument: Firing someone based on their age is the only way to refresh the workforce.

Topic: Having right to hold weapon is dangerous Argument: Everyone should own a weapon so as to protect themselves in case of emergency.

Topic: We should not ban surrogate mothers. Argument: There are thousands of children in the foster system; surrogate mothers prevent people taking this option.

Topic: Retirement should not be mandatory. Argument: Mandatory retirement helps new generations have an opportunity to succeed.

Topic: Economic sanction helps suppress power of current regime. Argument: Economic sanction should be used on countries that oppress the small countries

Topic: Cosmetic surgery for minors should be banned. Argument: Cosmetic surgery for minors is good, because anyone can make an informed decision on their looks.

Topic: Television cannot be abandoned as it is a necessity Argument: Television is fun but it distracts us and limits efficiency in day to day activities

Topic: Naturopathy does not harm people. Argument: Naturopathy does not have invasive treatments which could do harm.

Topic: A multi-party system would be more representative of the populace. Argument: A multi-party system is not guaranteed to be more representative of the populace than any other system.

Topic: Telemarketing is intrusive. Argument: Telemarketing is intrusive because it can happen at any time of day without your consent.

Topic: Being a child actor does harm to children. Argument: Child actors don't have more frequent breakdowns than anyone else; their fame makes us notice them more.

Topic: Compulsory voting including the whole electorate is unrealistic. Argument: It would be impossible to insure if everyone was able to turn out to vote.

Topic: A surrogate might try to keep the child. Argument: A surrogate is bound by legal contract to surrender the child.

Topic: Telemarketing is intrusive. Argument: Telemarketing isn't intrusive because it helps put people in touch with companies that want to make them special offers.

Topic: Judges should be impartial in their ruling. Argument: A judge ruling without accessing their emotions will not be able to effectively reason.

Topic: Many people benefit from alternative types of medicine, such as diet, exercise, and massage. Argument: There isn't enough evidence that people are cured from alternative medicines.

Topic: legalised sex selection causes biases among genders Argument: sex selection has it advantages too

Topic: Adopting gender neutral language would be expensive and we can use those resources in other places. Argument: Adopting gender neutral language would be expensive because money would be needed to educate people about the changes.

Topic: Minors are not old enough to make complex emotional decisions. Argument: Minors are often underestimated in their decision making abilities.

Topic: Gender neutral language is good for equality. Argument: People should be responsible for their own feelings instead of claiming gender biases.

Topic: Banning of weapon limits arms holders. Argument: Banning of weapons limit the amount of murder and reduce the amount of gun in murderer hands

Topic: People tends to participate in politics and support their parties of interest when there are many political parties. Argument: People like to have many political parties so they can support the party with their values

Topic: Abolishing capital punishment is cruel for the victims of crime. Argument: Mathematically, the victims aren't paying for much of the care, therefore abolishing capital punishment will not impact them.

Topic: A multi party system allows for diversity in political system Argument: Multi party system brings about division among people.

Topic: Recruitment of professional people is important for good work to happen. Argument: Some people don't start a job as an experienced professional, but prove to be more valuable later on.

Topic: Economic sanctions should cease to exist. Argument: Economic sanctions are necessary for punishment.

Topic: Making prostitution legal benefits sex workers. Argument: Making prostitution legal can lead to more people falling into prostitution.

Topic: Banning of weapon limits arms holders. Argument: People tend to get weapons illegally irrespective of the banning

Topic: Flags are just material products and should not be held in such high esteem. Argument: A flag represents a group or a nation and thus has added symbolic value.

Topic: Abolishing intellectual property rights is good. Argument: Abolishing intellectual property rights will discourage people from sharing knowledge.

Topic: Capital punishment acts as a deterrent to serious crime. Argument: Capital punishment will cause many potential criminals to reconsider committing crimes, due to fear of execution.

Topic: Abolishing mandatory retirement will help end age discrimination. Argument: Abolishing mandatory retirement will not prevent employers from finding new ways to engage in age discrimination.

Topic: If it's okay to kill cattle for meat, then a whale is an animal, and killing them should be allowed. Argument: Whales are more endangered than cattle.

Topic: Child actors should be regulated, not banned. Argument: Child actors are susceptible and not old enough to make their own decisions.

Topic: Creating artificial safe spaces can be counter productive. Argument: Safe spaces are intended for people to express their ideas without fear of judgment.

Topic: All people are guaranteed the right to celebrate in accordance with their beliefs. Argument: Citizens are not guaranteed the right to celebrate if the celebration abridges on the rights of others.

Topic: Foster care brings good to disadvantaged children. Argument: Many children are abused by their foster parents.

Topic: Space exploration brings about new discoveries Argument: space exploration is a waste of time and effort as all resources can be used here to create more resources

Topic: higher education should be more available to all people. Argument: higher education would be meaningless if everyone could afford it.

Topic: Capital punishment acts as a deterrent to serious crime. Argument: Capital punishment is not a deterrent, as evidenced by our continually rising prison population.

Topic: Legalizing prostitution reduces the risk of disease Argument: People will not want prostitution to  be legal as their income for it will reduce

Topic: Stay at home Dad has a reason for staying home Argument: Stay at home dad has no value to the economy of a country

Topic: Prostitution should be legalized. Argument: Prostitution is damaging to society.

Topic: Student loans should be subsidized in other to ease financial hardship on students Argument: Some students abuse the privilege of student loan more reasons, it shouldn't be subsidized

Topic: freedom of speech is paramount Argument: Freedom of speech should not be invalidated.

Topic: space exploration should be considered a waste of resources Argument: space exploration brings about new inventions which can be used to increase the standard of earth.

Topic: Surrogacy makes parent happy Argument: Surrogacy is immoral and cheating the law of nature

Topic: Making defendants all use public defenders will make the system more fair. Argument: Use of public defenders is not mandatory.

Topic: People in safe space are vulnerable Argument: Safe space accommodates everyone

Topic: people should follow whichever religion they choose. Argument: Some religions people follow are dangerous.

Topic: Something might stop black market organ sales. Argument: There will always be a black market for anything people want badly.

Topic: freedom of speech is paramount. Argument: Freedom of speech is not the most important.

Topic: Some people are politically apathetic, they should not be forced to vote. Argument: Everyone should vote in other to put good leaders in position

Topic: Children are still learning, and a zero tolerance policy doesn't allow them to make mistakes. Argument: Children are able to be held accountable for their actions.

Topic: Legalized organ trade would exploit the poor. Argument: Legalized organ trade would aid the poor, by giving them a large sum of money to improve their lives.

Topic: The job of a public defender is to help insure the rights of the people. Argument: Public defenders give defendants due process.

Topic: The church of scientology is bad because of how secretive it is. Argument: The church of scientology being secretive should be irrelevant because of all the good they do..

Topic: people should make their own choice to vote. Argument: Everyone should be forced to vote to participate in democracy.

Topic: Defendants in criminal cases should not be barred from counseling as they are likely to be imprisoned. Argument: Defendants can put into prison in a criminal case so they should not be constrained in their counsel.

Topic: The lack of stability in the foster system is bad for children. Argument: Children's parental homes could be abusive and toxic and be worse long-term for the child.

Topic: People tends to do anything like hunting to provide food for their family Argument: Hunting is majorly for fun

Topic: the church of scientology should not be banned. Argument: The church of scientology shuns people.

Topic: Company members can be lead into conflict. Argument: Everyone shares the same mission at work and is on the same page.

Topic: School prayer should be allowed because in religious communities, people want prayer to be included in their daily lives. Argument: Religious people don't want to be told they can't pray.

Topic: Abolishing intellectual rights will have negative consequences. Argument: A person's intellectual rights should not be protected if their ideas are harmful.

Topic: zero tolerance policies are too tough on children. Argument: Zero tolerance policies prevent conflicts in schools.

Topic: Compensating only the executives greatly is not ideal. Argument: All workers have contributed greatly to the success of the company, executives only should not be compensated greatly

Topic: Criminalizing holocaust denial allows the deniers to become martyrs for free speech, and the government can't deconstruct their argument for the public. Argument: Holocaust deniers should be proven wrong.

Topic: Multi-party systems represent everyone's perspectives. Argument: If we have too many parties it gets confusing and muddled.

Topic: Punishing the person being bullied the same as the bully isn't right. Argument: Victims are taught to fight back

Topic: Deciding to carry a pregnancy for the genetic mom is a woman's choice. Argument: Some woman may carry a pregnancy for the money and get attached to the child.

Topic: Kids should not be exposed to prayer from other religions. Argument: The beliefs of one are not the beliefs of all.

Topic: A job title doesn't entitle an executive to more money. Argument: Executives have enough money, and their title shouldn't keep money from people who need it more.

Topic: If a person is accused of a crime, they have a right to find any lawyer they want, and not have to use a low level lawyer. Argument: Rich people are just like everyone else.

Topic: Since every situation is different, there shouldn't be a limit on judicial activism. Argument: Judicial activism should always be considered the same way, and the situation shouldn't matter

Topic: Holocaust denial should not be criminalized. Argument: Holocaust denial is dangerous.

Topic: When executives are compensated well they tend to work harder to improve the company Argument: Executive work less their compensation should not be as high because normal employees work harder

Topic: A job title doesn't entitle an executive to more money. Argument: Executives earn and deserve their money.

Topic: Forced prayer should not be in school. Argument: School prayer is important to bring people closer.

Topic: people should be able to choose their own defense. Argument: Every person has the right to their own representation.

Topic: Telemarketers should be banned. Argument: Telemarketing is an industry that employs thousands of people and should not be banned.

Topic: Retirement should not be mandatory. Argument: Retirement helps get new people in the workforce and stimulate the economy.

Topic: Prayer in schools is a definite violation of separating church and state. Argument: Prayer is part of religion, which is the church.

Topic: By banning prostitution men are trying to take control of women's bodies Argument: men do not have the right to control women's bodies

Topic: Freedom of religion is paramount. Argument: Not all religions are worth it.

Topic: Our current voting system should be replaced. Argument: There are many ways in which the election process can be modified while still maintaining the old system.

Topic: zero-tolerance is too harsh of a punishment for minors Argument: Minors know enough to know right from wrong

Topic: Prayer in schools violates the separation of church and state. Argument: Prayer is a personal decision

Topic: It's fine for a parent to stay home, but nobody else has to ensure that a parent can stay home. Argument: Society as a whole should help make sure kids can have a parent stay home with them.

Topic: Some people are politically apathetic, they should not be forced to vote. Argument: Voting is a right everyone should express

Topic: public defenders should be mandated. Argument: Public defenders cost nothing.

Topic: Surrogacy is an advantage for people. Argument: Surrogacy is like cheating the nature.

Topic: People should follow whichever religion they choose. Argument: Some religions are better than others.

Topic: Subsidizing journalism allows for efficient information. Argument: Some journalist will always give wrong information irrespective of the subsidy or not

Topic: Making organ trade legal will enable criminal make less money off it Argument: Legalizing organ trade make criminals that are into it switch to another form of illegal things

Topic: People locked away for speaking their mind are political prisoners. Argument: You should be able to say what you want provided it does not harm others.

Topic: Bad behavior is subjective, and each case should be dealt with individually. So there should be no zero-tolerance policies. Argument: Violent behavior should have consequences right away.

Topic: Mandatory retirement hurts elderly workers. Argument: Mandatory retirement allows older workers to find value in other aspects of their lives.

Topic: If the holocaust is denied there is more chance that it will happen again. Argument: We did not learn from our President's comments about Charlottesville and as a result something worse happened.

Topic: Abolishing the right to keep and bear arms will not prevent people from obtaining guns. Argument: Abolishing the right to keep and bear arms will disarm the majority of the populace.

Topic: people should have their choice of representation. Argument: Choosing representation is not fair.

Topic: Safe places grant asylum from prejudice. Argument: There are a lot of malignant ideals that prevent people from feeling safe in public places.

Topic: The church of scientology should be banned, because it's actually a cult and not a religion. Argument: Scientologists have reported needing therapy.

Topic: People should not have to pay tax for a site that already runs well on donations. Argument: Taxpayer money should go towards essential services like healthcare and military.

Topic: When people deny terrible past events like the holocaust it is more likely to happen again. Argument: People can have strong morals without knowing everything that has ever happened.

Topic: Television focuses people's attention away from healthier activities. Argument: People can work out while watching television.

Topic: Everyone should have to use a public defender, so that wealthy people invest in the public defender system. Argument: People deserve better representation if they can get it.

Topic: safe spaces allow for freedom of expression. Argument: Safe spaces coddle individuals too much.

Topic: school prayer should not be allowed in schools. Argument: People should be allowed to participate in prayer at school.

Topic: Racial profiling is biased against anyone who isn't white. Argument: Stereotypes are only a starting point, and racial profiling is a blanket term used for all races.

Topic: the public defender system can benefit from wealthy people investment and thus should be made mandatory.. Argument: some public defenders just care about money and not the case.

Topic: Compensating only the executives greatly is not ideal. Argument: executive work lesser than the other employees

Topic: zero-tolerance policies have shown that they don't reduce violence or drug use by kids. Argument: Kids respond when there are no second chances

Topic: Foster care is a positive for children. Argument: Foster care can sometimes place children into the wrong hands.

Topic: everyone should have to use a public defender. Argument: With public defenders, people would be treated the same.

Topic: Practicing gender neutral language creates gender equality. Argument: Christians don't believe in spectral gender, and would feel ostracized at the adoption of gender neutral language.

Topic: School prayer should not be in schools. Argument: People should be able to pray if they want to in schools.

Topic: Voting should not be mandated. Argument: Voting should be forced so get the population participating in democracy.

Topic: The holocaust should never be denied. Argument: People can have their own opinions and it should not be criminalized.

Topic: Telemarketing is good for the economy, and is a legitimate form of marketing. Argument: Some people don't know they want something until someone asks.

Topic: Scientology is a cult. Argument: It is not unusual for a Scientologist to say they gain from their faith.

Topic: Assisted suicide is good for terminal patients who are suffering. Argument: Assisted suicide encourages patients to avoid seeking alternative treatments that could help them.

Topic: School prayer is a positive for society. Argument: Schools should not be mandating prayer.

Topic: People should not take natural medicines without seeking medical help. Argument: People can do their own research about natural medicines without paying for a doctor's advice.

Topic: zero-tolerance policies make schools safer for both students and teachers. Argument: zero-tolerance means no room for mistakes

Topic: People have the right to what they want to do with their body Argument: selling of organ is illegal as people can be forced into selling what they do not want to sell.

Topic: Executive are hard working. Argument: Most executive get to their position by chance and their pay should not be much more than the workers

Topic: Surrogacy ensures that a child is raised by at least one biological parent. Argument: A biological connection is not important.

Topic: Cosmetic surgery is risky for minor that is why it should be banned. Argument: Minors gets cosmetic surgery illegally, they can also be left alone to make their decisions

Topic: If someone can afford a good lawyer, they should be allowed, so they get the best representation they can get. Argument: Nobody is better than anyone else.

Topic: Journalism is not in need of subsidies. Argument: Government subsidies should not be used for Journalism and would be better used for social programs.

Topic: Even with free speech there are limits, and if you are triggering violence, you shouldn't get a platform. Argument: Free speech is supposed to be universal, regardless of the message.

Topic: School prayer goes against first amendment rights of kids by forcing beliefs. Argument: Not every child wants to be prohibited from believing in God.

Topic: Executive are hard working. Argument: executive work lesser than the other employees

Topic: People should be allowed to higher expensive lawyers if they can afford to do it. Argument: Expensive lawyers are not always available to everyone.

Topic: Telemarketing makes advertising Argument: Telemarketing can cause harm for people as there are many scammers out there

Topic: Zero tolerance policy should not be implemented. Argument: Zero tolerance policy punishes children.

Topic: LGBTQ tolerance is imperative. Argument: Old values do not need to be changed.

Topic: People should pay for a lawyer if they can Argument: Public defenders are not ideal

Topic: children need the room to grow and learn from mistakes Argument: the more mistakes you make when you are young, the stronger those bad habits are to break later in life

Topic: This system would get rid of people being able to get their preferred gender for their children. Argument: A system where people keep having more children just to choose the gender is wrong.

Topic: Payday loans should not exist. Argument: Payday loans can be helpful with the right educational tools.

Topic: If something's not harmful it should be allowed. Argument: Sometimes things that seem harmless are later found to be harmful.

Topic: Children do not know what they are saying when they pray at school. Argument: Kids believe in God

Topic: Cancelling pride parades does harm to LGBTQ+ people Argument: Everyone is already aware of them. Pride parades aren't important for awareness any longer.

Topic: public defenders care more about your best interests than their paid counterparts Argument: we need a full overhaul of the public defender system

Topic: Subsidized loans are an important way to support students. Argument: It is a denial of personal responsibility for students to have all their borrowed money subsidized.

Topic: zero-tolerance policies don't make sense because innocent students often get punished. Argument: innocent students don't get caught up in problems.

Topic: Payday loans work for people who need immediate money, and don't have good credit. Argument: People are forced to pay high interest rates.

Topic: Subrogation should not be prohibited. Argument: Subrogation should not be allowed because it's a loophole in the law and it puts people at a disadvantage.

Topic: Telemarketers has nothing to offer only to rip people off their money Argument: Telemarketing is an easy way to advertise product.

Topic: Mandatory retirement age will allow young workers to be able to predictably enter the workforce. Argument: Forcing older people to retire, means less qualified and experienced people will enter the workforce.

Topic: Homeopathy can be a source of first aid and immediate medication Argument: Homeopathic medication is a very good medication.

Topic: Payday loans cause debt and should be banned. Argument: Debt can be cause with or without payday loan use.

Topic: People are deterred from committing criminal acts by the death penalty. Argument: If someone knows they can die from doing a crime they are less likely to do it.

Topic: executives deserve their compensation. Argument: Executives are responsible for company growth.

Topic: zero tolerance should be in schools. Argument: Zero tolerance punishes children.

Topic: more usage of public defenders would make trials fairer Argument: having a fair courtroom requires giving equal emphasis to public defenders as we do to judges and prosecutors

Topic: If body parts could be bought and sold, poor people would be exploited for parts since they need money. Argument: Everyone would have the same chance of being used for their body parts, not just the poor.

Topic: A person has a right to take a vow of celibacy. Argument: A vow of celibacy affects more than just the person taking the vow, such as parents who want grandchildren.

Topic: School prayer should not be in school. Argument: If people want to pray in school, they should have that right.

Topic: school prayer forces a religion on everyone. Argument: Having more ways to calm students is a no-brainer.

Topic: Subsidizing wikipedia would be a nonsense exercise. Argument: Because anyone may edit a Wikipedia page, subsidizing it would be pointless in the interest of preserving facts.

Topic: Problems with payday loans could be solved with increased regulation. Argument: Many states have capped the amount of payday loan principals.

Topic: foster care is a positive. Argument: Foster care does not do enough to properly care for children.

Topic: zero tolerance policies don't give second chances. Argument: zero tolerance policies include minor infractions

Topic: School prayer is a means of forcing religion on students. Argument: Students can choose to believe what they want

Topic: Foster care home intentions are not known and cannot be trusted Argument: Foster care parents really needs children and do take care of the children

Topic: People will not want to become lawyers if good lawyers have to be public defenders. Argument: Lawyers are sometime motivated by rewards other than money.

Topic: Companies should be allowed to decide workers' pay. Argument: Companies must be allowed autonomy of wage in a free market economy.

Topic: Breaking rules at school has repercussions. Argument: Some rules have unforeseen consequences and they need to be tweaked.

Topic: Plastic surgery could save teenagers from emotional pain. Argument: Teenagers could get hooked on pain medication during the recovery from plastic surgery.

Topic: Public defenders should not be mandatory. Argument: Not everyone uses public defenders.

Topic: School uniforms should not be allowed Argument: School uniforms prevent children from being bullied over the clothing they wear

Topic: There should not be parades that celebrate homosexuality. Argument: Nobody should be restricted from expressing their point of view.

Topic: People with multiple crimes should be penalized and punished heavier than others. Argument: We should punish people more in order to stop them from committing more crimes.

Topic: Forcing people to vote will allow  many people come out to vote on election day Argument: People have rights and can decide what they want, they should not be forced to vote.

Topic: Everyone should have a public defender. Argument: Not everyone wants a public defender.

Topic: Compulsory voting is not a good societal implementation. Argument: Compulsory voting will help to bring more people into the political process.

Topic: School uniforms are good for school children. Argument: Uniforms do not allow for individualism and individualism is a good thing.

Topic: executives deserve their compensation. Argument: Executives are overpaid.

Topic: People have the right to choose their own defender and this is working Argument: everyone should be allowed to a lawyer capable of defending them and not neglecting them

Topic: Celibacy can result in less reckless sexual activity. Argument: Venereal disease is usually a result of reckless sexual activity, and can be deadly

Topic: Students should be allowed to dress however they like Argument: Students dressing as they like could result in bullying those without trendy, expensive clothes

Topic: Whaling doesn't serve any purpose anymore, other han killing for fun. Argument: Most hunting is just for sport, and not for meat, so whaling shouldn't be any different.

Topic: Payday loans shouldn't be banned. Argument: Payday loans are a tool that can be used by many individuals.

Topic: Sales of body parts provides income for the poor. Argument: Organ sales is disastrous as poor people can be jilted

Topic: Three-strike laws help reduce crime rates. Argument: To say that three-strike laws reduce crime rates could be misleading since proof of this is non-existent.

Topic: This system would get rid of people being able to get their preferred gender for their children. Argument: If people want to have more children, that's up to them, even if it's to hope for a gender.

Topic: Poor people are often punished, while leaders are not as frequently. Argument: Poor people are more prone to deviant behavior, and leaders are the best of society.

Topic: Giving unemployed subsidy to dad we improve the standard of life of the family and wife can pursue their career Argument: Wife should stay at home men should work, they are stronger.

Topic: It is desecrating to the American flag to burn it Argument: Sometimes the only way to get people's attention is to take extreme action

Topic: Businesses will improve if bans are enforced. Argument: Avoiding a business lets them know that they are doing something wrong.

Topic: It is important to have subsidized student loans, so that all students can go to college. Argument: It isn't the government's responsibility to pay for college.

Topic: Students need a safe space. Argument: Students need to get used to being judged without having a safe space because that is life.

Topic: School uniforms are taking away choices. Argument: People have the right to decide if they want to wear the school uniforms.

Topic: The three strikes law is not the most effective. Argument: Criminals will offend regardless of the strikes.

Topic: student loans should be subsidized. Argument: Students should pay for their own loans, rather than the government.

Topic: Activism can lead to corruption in the judicial system. Argument: Judges might be swayed by activists to make a decision even if that decision is incorrect.

Topic: People choosing who defends them has worked for centuries, and doesn't need to be changed. Argument: ideas evolve

Topic: Whaling is so cruel to the endangered whale species, that you can't defend doing it. Argument: Whaling is important to certain cultures.

Topic: People should be able to choose their lawyer Argument: If people choose their lawyer it would allow those with money to get the best lawyers

Topic: Even in abusive households, biological children should stay with their biological parents. Argument: Ongoing abuse can be very harmful to the mental and physical wellbeing of children.

Topic: School uniforms keep students from wearing clothes that are deemed as inappropriate Argument: School uniforms keep students from being able to express themselves

Topic: People are always motivated to work harder if they will get more money. Argument: Not everyone is focused on having more money. Some are content with what they have.

Topic: Whaling helps balance the ecosystem in places where there are too many whales. Argument: We have no need to kill whales.

Topic: Space exploration is important for many novel pursuits, and inventions. Argument: There are many issues on earth that need to be addressed before we turn our attention to outer space.

Topic: A ban would encourage better business practices. Argument: Some businesses are too busy to take action towards the ban.

Topic: Compensating only the executives greatly is not ideal. Argument: Executive have worked to get to where they are now, so they should earn more income than others

Topic: Space has been explored, and needs no further exploration. Argument: It is foolish to think that humans already know everything there is to know.

Topic: The 3 strikes law punishes criminals severely. Argument: The 3 strikes law should punish more harshly.

Topic: Americans should continue to have the right to bear arms. Argument: American citizens are not always capable of being responsible with their right to bear arms.

Topic: The cost of 3 strike laws are extreme for criminals. Argument: It is not for lack of extreme punishment that 3 strike laws impact repeat offenders.

Topic: End the war on drugs. Argument: We should not make it easier for people to access drugs.

Topic: Not receiving a payday loan would be in the best interest of a person's financial situation. Argument: A payday loan would be a non-factor in the way if might affect one's financial situation.

Topic: The United States has such a well trained military, there is no need for mercenaries. Argument: Many people within the military have the same job that mercenaries do.

Topic: A white person could not go to college this way. Argument: A white person could not afford college.

Topic: Since payday loans aren't held to the same standards as loans for middle class people, they should be banned. Argument: Poor people have money emergencies.

Topic: Mentally ill people need safe places. Argument: People suffering from mental illness should be treated the same at the general public.

Topic: School uniforms prevent bullying, and should not be done away with Argument: School uniforms prevent students from expressing themselves

Topic: Executives should be compensated more. Argument: Workers needs to be paid more as they are the ones that do the most job in the company

Topic: They do a lot of dangerous things and that includes the opposition to vaccines. Argument: Vaccines are dangerous and should be opposed.

Topic: three-strikes law should not be abolished Argument: Since three-strikes law has been a great discouragement and should not end.

Topic: Wearing a uniform lets students concentrate on learning. Argument: Looking unique is important for students

Topic: Acting takes children away from their education and normal activities. Argument: Child actors receive a good education because they work with tutors on their off hours.

Topic: Children with school uniforms can still show individuality with accessories. Argument: Clothing is the basis of individuality.

Topic: payday loans entrap the poor. Argument: Payday loans are quite accessible.

Topic: We should adopt gender-neutral language so people are not inadvertently hurt. Argument: It would take a long time to change to gender neutral language and many wouldn't cooperate.

Topic: Past criminal offenses should have no influence on punishment for current crimes Argument: Many people have learned from their past and are not the same person they once were

Topic: It would be dangerous to legalize prostitution because it would cause the trafficking of underage people. Argument: Adult women have a right to make money however they want.

Topic: Every offence needs to be looked at alone, and not in terms of past offenses. Punishments should fit the current crime. Argument: Law enforcement is able to look at patterns of behavior.

Topic: Bureaucratic red tape impedes the proper placement of foster children. Argument: Without proper bureaucratic documentation, abusive foster parents can literally get away with murder.

Topic: The military should not be privatized. Argument: The military does not rely on private companies.

Topic: Three strikes laws increase the prison population Argument: The strikes laws do a good job of increasing the prison population.

Topic: Assisted suicide helps people to end their suffering, and should be legal. Argument: If a person is suffering, the decision to die with dignity should be their own.

Topic: school uniforms help children to feel better about themselves Argument: school uniforms cost less than regular clothes

Topic: Gender neutral language is good. Argument: By adopting gender-neutral language, we discount an aspect of individuality.

Topic: The military needs to be supplied by private companies. Argument: Military supply would be maintained independent of the use of private companies.

Topic: Mothers should not be forced to have kids and give them up for adoption. Argument: Many new mothers may experience postpartum depression.

Topic: A multi-party system decreases votes of individual candidates. Argument: A multi-party system increases choices, making any individual less likely to receive votes.

Topic: The three strikes law should remain, because it is a good deterrent for minor criminals who don't want severe consequences. Argument: Life in prison is a deterrent.

Topic: There are more demand for journalism. Argument: there is excess of demand for journalism so  subsidizing it has no need.

Topic: Payday loans should be allowed for children and younger people. Argument: Payday loans for children are good news to con artists.

Topic: Burning the flag is offensive to many people Argument: Burning the flag is actually the proper way to dispose of a it in certain situations.

Topic: If people get three strikes, they may use it to their advantage to commit extra crimes before getting to three. Argument: Three strikes gives you three chances before going to jail for a long time.

Topic: prostitution has been in existence for long and should not be illegal Argument: Young ladies are found prostituting all over the world.

Topic: Payday loans should not be banned. Argument: Payday loans are targeted to the poor.

Topic: The right to bear arms must be limited to stop having America be the murder capital of the world. Argument: The constitution gives a right to bear arms, so there shouldn't be any control on that right.

Topic: school uniforms are too expensive. Argument: School uniforms are cheaper than regular clothing.

Topic: If people own guns, they can easily be stolen and fall into the wrong hands. Argument: If people lock up their guns properly, the odds of them being stolen are very low.

Topic: Students do not feel the difference between themselves because they wear school uniforms. Argument: Sometimes students feel similarity through school uniforms but their individuality is denied.

Topic: We cannot trust article on wikipedia, they can be edited by rogues and giving out wrong info Argument: Wikipedia is secured, you can trust it's article.

Topic: The three-strikes law stops criminals from committing more crimes. Argument: Criminals try to evade the three-strikes rule.

Topic: Mandatory retirement is more dignified than being fired for poor performance. Argument: Mandatory retirement is functionally the same as being fired, and is not more dignified.

Topic: Since children in uniforms can't bully each other about how they're dressed, school uniforms should not be abandoned. Argument: Kids will find other things to pick on each other about

Topic: payday loans lead low income people even further into poverty. Argument: people need to make money to get them out of poverty.

Topic: school uniforms provide fewer distractions from learning. Argument: Some students always strive to get good academic results no matter what.

Topic: The three strikes law allows people to make mistakes and not be punished too harshly right away. Argument: The three strikes and you're out law is designed to punish repeat offender so first time offenders have a chance to redeem themselves.

Topic: Three strikes gives way for someone making a mistake, without too harsh a punishment the first time. Argument: Criminals commit as many crimes as they can

Topic: School uniforms allow children to concentrate on their work instead of their fashion choices. Argument: When children are distracted, it is not because of the clothes people are wearing.

Topic: school uniforms are more productive for students. Argument: school uniforms restrict people from wearing their own clothing

Topic: the three strikes law is unfair. Argument: People should not be punished with the three strikes.

Topic: A payday loan can help for sudden financial situations that occur before you get your weekly paycheck. Argument: Money emergencies can't be helped.

Topic: ban private military companies Argument: using the private sector in war can do a lot to improve conditions on the ground

Topic: Payday loans help people in need. Argument: Payday loans charge high rates.

Topic: The three strikes and you're out law targets men of color. Argument: Some people are inclined to believe that the three strikes and you're out law discriminates against people of color.

Topic: school uniforms should not be enforced. Argument: School uniforms are cheaper than regular clothing.

Topic: School uniforms are not a good option for students. Argument: Uniforms are worn in a variety of situations, not just for school students.

Topic: the three-strike law should be kept Argument: taking away the three strikes law put citizen in danger

Topic: uniforms should not be mandatory. Argument: Uniforms would lack personal style

Topic: Payday loans are harmful. Argument: Payday loans allow for quick cash.

Topic: People should wear whatever clothing they want to express themselves. Argument: School uniforms do not mean that children have no self expression.

Topic: We shouldn't get rid of school uniforms because not everyone can afford clothing, and they could end up getting teased. Argument: Kids judge each other

Topic: Since kids can get picked on when their parents can't afford nice clothing, we shouldn't get rid of school uniforms. Argument: Kids will find other things to pick on each other about and teasing will still happen.

Topic: this loan isn't allowed by the state and/or by lenders Argument: such loans are necessary for the advancement of people of color

Topic: School uniforms reduce social inequality. Argument: Kids in the USA often wear clothing as a means of expression.

Topic: Some people only care about monetary gains from warring with other countries, and not the lives that have been lost in the wars. Argument: People logically recognize that lost lives are a tragedy, but a war and its monetary gains are ultimately beneficial to a country and its people.

Topic: Payday loans are risky. Argument: People cannot pay back payday loans.

Topic: Private military companies shouldn't work together due to inconsistencies. Argument: Private military companies can learn more information by working together.

Topic: Private Military companies are solely profit oriented. Argument: Private companies can't orient themselves toward attitudes that American Veterans organizations like the American Legion and VFW share without some changes.

Topic: Payday loans are terrible. Argument: Applying for a payday loan is optional.

Topic: Social media helps the world socially. Argument: Many people do not like face-to-face socialization.

Topic: people committing small offenses do not deserve to be put away for life. Argument: people committing small offenses may break the law again.

Topic: Social media allows people to connect with people that they otherwise could not connect with Argument: You aren't really connecting with someone on a meaningful level if it is done over the internet

Topic: School uniforms help people to be smarter. Argument: School uniforms help people in hiding their actual intelligence.

Topic: The three strikes law works. Argument: The three strikes law punishes for minor offenses.

Topic: The three strikes law counts insignificant crimes and this can lead to unfair jail times. Argument: It would be in favor of society to keep the three strikes and you're out law because there is no such thing as an insignificant crime.

Topic: Private military companies work for profit, and not the good of the country, so the should be banned. Argument: private companies need money to survive.

Topic: School uniforms are better than regular clothing. Argument: School uniforms are less likely to cause conflict.

Topic: The three strikes laws don't show any empathy, and haven't been proven to be functional. Argument: Some cases have extenuating circumstances.

Topic: A private military company's primary goal is profit. Argument: It is impossible to correctly assess the goals of all private military companies.

Topic: The three strikes law needs to end. Argument: The three strikes law prevents further crime from happening.

Topic: There's no oversight to prevent private military companies from committing atrocities. Argument: God can see all crimes and will not be afraid to hold people accountable.

Topic: The chance for rehabilitation is sometimes taken away from three-strike offenders. Argument: three-strike offenders are not punished immediately.

Topic: Using a private military company isn't any different than buying weapons or vehicles from private companies. Argument: The meaning of private doesn't vary.

Topic: school uniforms cost too much for poor families. Argument: Poor families' grievance is a concern in our society.

Topic: Committing 3 offenses does not always mean someone needs harsh punishment. Argument: A person should learn their lesson after one offense.

Topic: private military companies should still exist. Argument: Private military companies place profits over all else.

Topic: Something, which violates international law, causes more violence and death. Argument: Something can be unlawful and change the outcome to be less deadly.

Topic: Private military companies can get into places where the terrorists are, and not have to worry about global law. Argument: We can't let terrorists get away.

Topic: Since government employees get bodyguards, companies in foreign countries deserve protection from private military companies. Argument: Everyone deserves safety

Topic: companies operating overseas need protection too Argument: these companies can do better than hiring private military contractors that are unaccountable where they operate

Topic: companies need to use private military contractors for safety reasons Argument: private military contractors are often unaccountable to anyone when they are out in the field

Topic: private armies violate human rights Argument: current armies, unlike private armies, are restricted from violating human rights

Topic: Private military companies fill in gaps for the military. Argument: The military are held to higher ethical standards than companies.

Topic: Missionary work helps people who would otherwise have no help. Argument: Missionaries help people to only believe what they believe.

Topic: Missionary work should be stopped as the wage it is not paid well. Argument: The missionary work is more like a voluntary so anyone who wants to do it, can do it.

Topic: Missionaries are the only ones benefiting from their work. Argument: The goal of missionaries is to impose their religious beliefs.

Topic: missionary workers are the only people who benefit from it. Argument: The only beneficiaries from the missionary work are the missionaries themselves.

Topic: anyone can say what they think. Argument: no one deserves to be offended by someone else.

Topic: When everyone is forced to vote, we will know how many people are in the country Argument: Voting can never be used as a form of census as people under 18 are not allowed to vote.

Topic: People have the right to bear arm in other to protect themselves from danger Argument: People misuse the opportunity given to them to bear arm, sometimes arms bearing needs to be abolished

Topic: Foster home makes it easy for a child to get permanent home. Argument: Some foster parent are tends to abuse children not all children get good house

Topic: Forcing people to vote will allow  many people come out to vote on election day Argument: compulsory voting is not Ideal

Topic: Voting should not be forced. Argument: Voting should be compulsory as to add more to the vote count.

Topic: Intellectual property itself is complex Argument: people find it easy to understand intellectual property

Topic: Safe spaces are important to personal emotional health. Argument: Safe spaces provide a false sense of security, as anyone can participate under false pretense..

Topic: Student loans should not be subsidized. Argument: Student loans make students slack off due to not being responsible right away.

Topic: telemarketing is a nuisance Argument: telemarketing takes up little time.

Topic: Students need a safe space. Argument: Safe spaces are built to give students a place where they are not judged.

Topic: Telemarketing offers a net gain to society. Argument: Telemarketers are a nuisance.

Topic: Some people are just politically Apathetic Argument: Everyone should participate in politics to ensure good governance

Topic: If whaling is outlawed a black market will start up and cause more harm. Argument: Whaling is damaging to whales and should therefore be outlawed.

Topic: Telemarketers has nothing to offer only to rip people off their money Argument: Not all telemarketers are scammers most have enough to offer when you have your money to pay

Topic: Homeopathy can be harmful. Argument: Many homeopathic remedies are not approved by the FDA

Topic: people do not need firearms in the present day. Argument: the right to bear arms is antiquated.

Topic: People have the choice about what to do with their own body. Argument: If what someone does with their body harms another it should not be allowed.

Topic: Sometimes you must be economically viable to vote. Argument: in terms access to transportation, standing in the way of people, and their vote in this day and age.

Topic: Students need to be guided and supported, and it's important because they are our future. Argument: Students need to learn self reliance.

Topic: It is the right of a business owner as to how they pay executives. Argument: Executives are responsible for a lot of people, and should be paid accordingly.

Topic: executives are not overpaid for the work they do. Argument: Executives are overpaid while the little guy makes next to nothing.

Topic: Space exploration allows for discovering new planet and reducing population on earth. Argument: Space exploration should be a major priority for the people on earth.

Topic: Our current voting system should be replaced. Argument: The electoral college is not a fair measure of how one wins in an election.

Topic: Surrogacy is often the only option for some people who want kids. Argument: Surrogacy is dangerous for the person carrying the child.

Topic: Most telemarketers are scammers Argument: Telemarketing is an easy way to advertise product but cannot be trusted

Topic: Mentally ill people need safe places. Argument: The stigma of mental illness is enough, you should not deny public respite from harm to people who suffer.

Topic: Surrogacy is an act of creating life Argument: surrogacy should not be allowed as it allows for creation and determination of human life

Topic: Adoption of a child is moral while surrogacy is immoral Argument: Adoption should be encouraged as their are lots of children who needs parent than parents who needs children

Topic: Organ trade is dangerous and people would kill to get organ in other to trade Argument: organ trade can be a source of income for the poor

Topic: Assisted suicide should be an option for terminal patients. Argument: Doctors swear an oath to "do no harm," and helping a patient commit suicide is doing harm.

Topic: When people do not vote they are still making a statement and they shouldn't be forced to vote. Argument: Not voting can demonstrate a lack of awareness about the issues.

Topic: We should adopt gender-neutral language so people are not inadvertently hurt. Argument: People's feelings can be hurt by the use of gender-oriented language.

Topic: Misinformation about cures for cancer causes sudden death for people. Argument: People do not pass away because of cancer treatment false information,  but because of ignorance

Topic: Economic sanction enables prevent bad behaviours of countries on others Argument: economic sanction causes a major issue for the government.

Topic: Multi party system is a fairer system of government Argument: Multi party system brings about division among people.

Topic: Voting should not be mandated. Argument: Everyone should be forced to vote to take part in democracy.

Topic: Assisted suicide can be misused. Argument: Assisted suicide has systems in place to prevent third party abuse.

Topic: space exploration should be considered a waste of resources Argument: space exploration is a priority for some governments

Topic: People should not be forced to exercise their right to vote. Argument: If people fail to vote we could end up with a winner not representative of the people.

Topic: Over 50 percent of students can't afford to pay for college because it's so expensive. Argument: College can be very expensive.

Topic: Child actors should be allowed to work. Argument: Children should not be subjected to an industry that makes them grow up quicker than they should.

Topic: telemarketing should be dictated by the market. Argument: Telemarketing offers no value to society.

Topic: Acting takes children away from their education and normal activities. Argument: Some children enjoy acting.

Topic: Some people's skills are better suited to areas other than battle in the military. Argument: The military has a need for a great many skills.

Topic: School prayer allows student to do what they are not thought at home Argument: School prayer should be discouraged as it teaches the students other things from what they are thoughts

Topic: A multi-party system decreases votes of individual candidates. Argument: A multi-party system ensures that only a good candidate gets a large number of votes.

